feat: void element tags in helpers are selectable between `>` and `/>` (#6789)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.3.0.rst

Others
------

> - Now ``form_helper``, ``html_helper`` and common functions have been changed to appear void HTML elements (e.g. ``<input>``) with valid HTML5 by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now ``form_helper``, ``html_helper`` and common functions that render HTML elements have been changed to make void HTML elements (e.g. ``<input>``) compatible with HTML5 by default.
```

Author: Done
